Hello, My self Brijesh Satasiya, and i'm currently working as a 
Senior Full Stack Developer at Keytoz Pvt. Ltd.,
I have completed my Bachelor of Engineering from Gujarat 
technological university 
with Computer engineering degree.

I'm currently working on scalable, pub/sub-based, microservice architecture 
style project to handle calls, sms and emails 
using Nodejs, GraphQL, Typescript, Postgresql, Redis, BullMQ and AWS.

i have developed AI search functionality to search across multiple 
documents by integrating AI capabilities 
into web applications where i have used langchain, chroma and LLm models.

i had worked on health care domain project to manage doctor's 
credentials, where i have securely stored health care data including
doctor certiticates, continue education credential, nurse licence 
and also creating backend APIs to manage scheduling and 
to automate reminders, ensuring that healthcare providers 
receive timely updates on certificate expirations.

I have implemeted OAuth flow to integrate third-party 
services in our application, i have developed a serverless REST API 
that handled over 10,000 requests daily and built 
an authentication module using AWS Cognito and JWT. This hands-on experience 
helped me to design backend solutions that are secure, 
efficient, and reliable by using AWS cognito, API Gateway, S3 and Lambda.

I'm led the team of 6 developers by engaging with code review and deciding high 
level architecture

I have also expereienced in docker, kubernetes and CI/CD pipeline.

I'm excited about the opportunity at Sanius Health 
because of company provides innovative and future proof predective solution by 
integrating futursitic technology like AI. 
My experience to work in scalable, reliable, secure and AI capable solution 
in health care centric project closely aligns with this role.

Cuurenly, My salary is 8,50,000 and i'm expecting 20,00,000. 
My notice period is one month but it will be negotiate upto 21 days.

To summarize, my experience in backend development, 
i've expereienced to build scalable and efficient healthcare solutions, 
aligns well with Sanius objectives. I love to work with 
quality team to improve my self and passionate about 
provide enhanced solution to the user and excited to adopt new technologies
 as well. 
Thank you for considering my application, and I'm looking forward 
to hear form you.